[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged all
present to a game.
Amidst the chaos, he also
put prices on the heads
of Luffy and his allies, turning
the entire kingdom against them.
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
[FUJITORA]
When all is said and done,
the Navy and Doflamingo
are both unneeded here.
We're birds of
a feather if you will.
The Navy and I can never play
the hero for this kingdom.
It's simply not our place.
What if someone catches
on to your rational?
[FUJITORA]
They won't.
All they'll see is that I
hit a snag getting past you.
Said like a true gambler.
[chuckles] Lady luck's
on my side.
[TOWNSMAN P] King Riku! Please
tell us what we should do!
[TOWNSMAN Q] If you propose we
fight, we shall take up arms!
[TOWNSMAN R]
Please, King Riku!
[TOWNSMAN S]
We await your command!
In that event,
I say we stay put.
Huh? Why's that?
If it's necessary, we can brace
ourselves for death later.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Knowing what I'm capable of,
did you really believe
you could beat me?
The fact that you
wretched little brats
thought I was so weak,
that I would fall to you and
your pathetic surprise attack.
Well, I find that to be
the highest form of
disrespect imaginable.
You're so screwed.
Let me tell you.
I descend from the noblest
of bloodlines in the world.
The Celestial Dragons!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Just the fact I exist
makes me deserving
of admiration.
I possessed the rarest
of powers known to man.
Hiya, Daddy!
Where did all the slaves go?
Hey! Let's buy some more!
Um, Daddy?
Why are they not
kneeling before me?
Daddy, why? Everyone
is coming after us!
[COMMONER A] They're a family
of Celestial Dragons!
Don't kill 'em!
Let's make them suffer instead!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckling]
At the young age of ten,
I experienced both Heaven
and Hell, firsthand.
I took it upon myself
to end my suffering
by bringing the head of my own
father back to Marie Jois!
But can you believe
that the Celestial Dragons
would tell a ten-year-old boy
they wouldn't take back
someone from
a "line of traitors"?
It was then that I found there
was no escaping this hell.
From that moment
forward I swore
that I would destroy
everything they held dear.
To put it frankly,
every damn thing in this world.
The lives you've
led cannot possibly
be compared to what
I've been through.
I'm not wasting my time
screwing around
with brats like you.
It's below me!
[LUFFY READS ALOUD]
[NARRATOR]
Primula.
A district located in the
northwestern part of Dressrosa.
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[TOWNSMAN B]
No! P-P-Please don't hurt me!
Spare his life!
P-P-Put the sword down.
I beg you! You don't
have to do this!
[TOWNSWOMAN A]
Please, sir!
I wanna stop!
I really don't want
to do this. Run!
I can't-- I can't
control my body--
It's moving on its own! Please.
Forgive me! I can't fight it!
[PIRATE A laughs]
With this much loot,
we can rebuild our ship
no problem at all!
Yeah deshi deshi.
[MARINE A]
Dammit! Stop, right there!
We don't have time to deal with
your pillaging right now!
[PIRATE C]
Crap. The Navy!
Deshi!
Don't just stand there,
you idiots. Let's go!
You can't escape!
[PIRATE A laughs]
We already are!
[MARINES]
Stop!
[PIRATE A]
Nanny-nanny-boo boo!
[PIRATES]
Stick your head in doo doo!
[gunshots]
[roars]
[neighs]
[MARINE D]
Fire the tranquilizers!
[MARINE E]
Seems the animals are panicking.
Is it just the fire, or do they
sense something wrong?
How awful. And we're already
shorthanded on this island.
[trumpets]
[MARINE F] It's gonna
kill itself at this rate.
Tranq it! We still have
some ammo, don't we?
[elephant trumpets]
[gunshots]
[TOWNSMAN D]
What's going on?
You people are from
the Navy, aren't you?
Take responsibility!
Surely you can do something
to fix this! It's your duty!
[MAYNARD] Honestly.
What are you expecting of us?
We're short on both on
tranquilizers and men.
[groans] We've got
our hands tied.
Vice Admiral Maynard!
[MAYNARD]
What now?
Sir, status report!
It's concerning Sabo
and Admiral Issho!
The fight between them
ended in a draw!
Don't joke around!
How's that possible?
Our Admirals from
the Navy Headquarters
are some of the best
combatants we have to offer!
[MAYNARD]
Why not, Issho?
Doflamingo is unfit
to be a Warlord!
We have to stop him!
We can't make that call.
We've been doing it
like that too long.
The same old song
and dance every time.
You've been in the Navy
for quite a while,
if I recall, Vice Admiral?
Huh?
[FUJITORA]
Don't tell you've never once
opened your ears
this whole time?
You hear those screams?
That's not fear. It's rage.
No, those aren't the cries
of terrified folks.
They're furious!
That's why the World Government
has no business playing God!
[MAYNARD]
Something's not adding up here.
[MARINE G]
What should we do?
[MAYNARD]
There's no time for this.
I'll settle it later.
Right now, we have to get
this chaos under control.
We can round up all pirates
who went after Doflamingo
once the kingdom is safe.
Do I make myself clear?
[MARINES]
Sir!
[MAYNARD] Do not harm
any civilians or animals!
Your orders are to sedate
anyone who is not in control.
[MAYNARD] Sadly,
that's all we can do for now.
[MAYNARD grunts]
How do we restore order?
There's no end in sight.
[cries] Daddy! Mommy!
[KIDS crying]
Are you kids okay?
[LUFFY]
Dammit! I can't break it off.
[chuckles] Yeah!
That's the point!
[gasps]
[chuckles]
[LUFFY gasps]
You gotta dodge me!
[LUFFY] Wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait!
[LUFFY grunting]
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum... Octopus Stamp!
[LUFFY yelling]
Almost had me.
Behind you!
You can't even comprehend
the situation, can you?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Let me put it this way.
If people could harm
a Celestial Dragon,
just imagine the
things they'd do.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Humanity is cruel.
Vicious by nature.
What are you talking about,
you fake Mingo?
[DOFLAMINGO] All right. I think
it's about time we start
rolling out those executions.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
You're first on my list, Law.
[laughs] Oh, hey! What if you
chopped him into bits and pieces
just like he did to me, Doffy?
[DOFLAMINGO] Saying "I'm
extremely disappointed in you"
is an understatement.
[LAW] One thing still doesn't
make sense to me.
[TREBOL]
Huh?
As a former Celestial Dragon,
banished from Marie Jois,
how do you still
wield their power?
[LAW] CP-0 is working directly
under the World Government.
But you called them
here this morning.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
That's your last request?
You really wanna know
the dirty details?
It's because I know all about
a very important
national treasure.
Something that's hidden within
the Holyland of Marie Jois.
[LAW]
It gives you that much leverage?
[DOFLAMINGO] Yes. You could
even say its very existence
could shake humanity.
[WORLD NOBLE A]
Get him! Kill Doflamingo!
[WORLD NOBLE B]
That child must not be allowed
to see another day!
To them I was
a ticking time bomb.
An escapee with dirt that
could destroy their world.
But those cowards
became quite cooperative
once they realized
they couldn't kill me--
Though they did try.
If only I had had the Op-Op
Fruit in my possession
at that crucial point in time.
Things would have
played out a bit differently.
I would have been
able to utilize
Marie Jois' national treasure
and seize the world
by the neck that day!
[DOFLAMINGO] That should
show you just how valuable
your fruit actually is.
Aside from "Personality
Transplant Surgery,"
there's another use.
Are you even aware
of that fact, Law?
In the right hands,
the Op-Op Fruit has the power
to make mankind's oldest, most
sought-after dream a reality.
That's why you will
hear many refer to it as
the "Ultimate Devil Fruit."
[LAW]
Yeah, I know.
I have no interest in
using it for that though.
The great mystery of the
fruit is its ability known as
the "Perpetual
Youth Surgery," right?
It grants eternal life.
[LAW] The great mystery of
the fruit is its ability
known as the "Perpetual
Youth Surgery," right?
It grants eternal life.
And yet, by performing it,
the surgeon sacrifices
their own in exchange.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Bingo!
That's why I had no intentions
of letting you eat it.
But you repaid my
kindness with betrayal!
Then allow me to
apologize for that one.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Diamante's swordplay!
Go, Bullet String!
And Lao G's martial arts!
[LAW]
Room! And Injection Shot!
Oh. And that one's from Gladius.
You learned all your
fighting skills from us!
Yet you bite the hand
that feeds you!
[LAW]
Yeah, so?
The only reason I'm alive
now is thanks to Cora!
But I'm grateful to you, too.
You gave me the power I need
to kick your ass, after all.
[clanking]
[LAW groans]
Dammit it all!
Don't play too rough
with him, Diamante.
I wouldn't want you
killing the boy
before he completed his
try-outs to join our Family.
[LAW]
You jerk!
Yeah, yeah, I know, Doffy.
[LAW grunts]
If I can beat him,
then you'll make me
an Executive, too?
[BOTH laugh]
You got my nose all drippy!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Shut up!
[BOTH laughing]
Oh wait, are you serious?
[LAW]
Stop laughing! I mean it!
[BOTH laugh]
You can't kill a person
with your spirit alone, boy!
I told you guys!
I have explosives!
I'm gonna die soon anyway,
so I'm not afraid of anything!
[DIAMANTE]
You shouldn't mess with pirates!
[LAW groans]
Bet that one hurt.
That little kid's
gotta be crazy.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[BABY 5] It's over! It's over!
Let's play tag! You're it!
[BUFFALO]
Okey-dokey!
[LAW]
Dammit.
[TREBOL chuckles]
[BOTH laughing]
[BABY 5]
Wait! Wait, wait!
[BUFFALO]
You can't catch me!
[LAW]
Where's the captain?
[DIAMANTE]
Doffy's a very busy fellow
and doesn't have time
for a brat like you.
You're kinda just
deadweight to us
since you're gonna
die soon, anyway. [laughs]
When though? How long, huh?
When ya gonna croak, kiddo?
In three years and
two months from now.
[DIAMANTE]
And who told you that?
I read it on my medical charts.
My dead father was a doctor.
[DIAMANTE laughs]
What a smart little punk.
[LAW]
I wanna use my last three years
killing as many people as I can
and destroying everything!
[DIAMANTE laughs] Oh, wow!
Get a load of Mr. Big Talk here.
[TREBOL laughs]
I got sniffles!
Well, not all hope is lost
since we accept children.
I'd say we've had about a
hundred or so come through here,
but most of the little
rug rats ran away crying
within a day or two.
[TREBOL laughs] You think you
have what it takes, little guy?
Hey! Guess what, Diamante!
Yeah! Guess what, Trebol!
[DIAMANTE]
See them?
That's Buffalo and Baby 5,
the only ones remaining.
Well? Whaddya want?
Cora's on his way here now!
[BABY 5]
He tripped! Yay!
I knew it! That is so Cora!
[BOTH laughing]
[BABY 5, BUFFALO] Fell on
your butt! Fell on your butt!
Fell on your butt! Fell on
[BUFFALO]
Ouchies.
[TREBOL chuckles]
[TREBOL] You can still climb the
ladder even if you're a kid.
As long as you play your cards
right, Doffy'll promote you.
Just don't waste his
precious time. Best of luck!
Heya, Cora! I brought
you a cup of tea!
It's real hot.
[BABY 5 laughs]
[BABY 5, BUFFALO laughing]
[DIAMANTE] Corazon,
did you finish the job?
[DIAMANTE]
Then, hand over my cut.
We gotta make sure
there's transparency
when it comes to
dealing with money.
Law, was it?
This guy who just came back
is an Executive like us.
His name is Corazon.
He may come across as
a thick-headed clutz,
but truth is, he comes from
a powerful bloodline.
That is to say,
he's Doffy's little brother.
As a side note,
he doesn't talk anymore,
'cause of some old trauma.
Oh, right. He hates kids,
so watch out.
[LAW]
Huh?
[LAW gasps]
[BABY 5]
He's dead.
He threw that kid
right out with the trash!
[LAW] What's wrong with him?
He must be nuts!
[LAW]
Dammit! Dammit!
Dammit! Dammit! Dammit!
[LAW]
I'm gonna kill him!
[BABY 5, BUFFALO scream]
[BABY 5]
Cora caught fire again!
[NARRATOR] Diving further into
Law's painful childhood,
we learn of his hometown,
the kingdom of Flevance.
It was a fairy-tale like place
covered in pure white
that was often described as
having an unearthly beauty.
However, a twisted
turn of events
leads this kingdom
to a chilling demise.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Sad Memories!
Law the Boy
from the White Town!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!